where is my daughter
people whom just disappear
are you aware that olivia is in love
with your boyfriend she's mine we stop
Penelope damn Miguel it Olivia let's get
this party started type garnet truth
what are your intentions with our suite
Olivia I needed to find someone with
friends that I could trick into coming
here
I could tell Olivia was an easy target I
brought you all up here cuz I'm okay
with strangers dying if it means I get
to live what the hell the games will be
or if you go whatever you do it'll find
you okay yeah something really weird has
been going on ever since Mexico oh come
on I'm seeing things truth all right
there dare I know it sounds insane just
a little this fine young lady here dared
me to show you my business Carter said
tell the truth or you die do the dare or
you die refused to play you don't screw
this man you die
we're not playing the game it's playing
us so what do we do only choose truth
wait I'm sorry touch me again and I'll
break that hand truth that's not how
this works only game decides honey break
Olivia's hand you have to do it look as
pissed as I am at you right now there's
no way I'm gonna break your hand you
don't really have a choice
God just do it this game is too smart
half the people in this photo are now
dead we need to find the what started
all this
how do we get out of this game alive
you can't it's on the ends with all the
players are dead maybe returns next dare
me to choose look for one of you to kill
truth or dare
I'm gonna ask you a series of questions
I want you to respond truthfully have
you ever heard someone
yes have you ever experienced anything
you'd consider abnormal
yes last question do you know a mutants
are
did you know baby rattlesnakes are more
dangerous and adult ones they haven't
learned how to control how much venom
they secrete
all of you are dangerous that's why
you're here
what is this place she's in the hospital
you're being through hard get some rest
this was my family's house nice when did
these occurrences start soon after we
moved in I've seen ghosts before all
those years ago I can see things too
but this one's different
please there's someone right in front of
you
somebody has to go and find them I can
help be careful trust me
these hauntings can be terrifying things
its gargantuan seven storied structure
with no apparent rhyme or reason
each maze of halls more confusing than
the next it's under never-ending
construction
it was built on the orders of a grieving
widow
Sarah Winchester is the majority
shareholder of the Winchester Repeating
Arms Company who want to take it away
from her worried about her sanity dr.
price do you believe in ghosts
Stockton I do not believe in anything I
cannot see or study
I can feel it in the air in the walls
this spirit has a power we've not seen
before it has found us
I wanted to say we're gonna be here for
you said that I'd be back for our
graduation you should stand our mountain
house I thought you guys were selling I
just have to leave for a bit on Sundays
during open houses it's good to see some
new faces
you must be Logan everybody knows
everybody in these small towns huh
so sorry for what happened to your
husband I lost my husband a few years
back
Seth
it's like it moves in and never leaves
Sam searched the entire house there's no
one here we had an open house here a few
days ago maybe someone found a spare key
laying around her
maybe someone stayed probably just some
kids trying to scare the newcomers
didn't feel like kids who's that Hey
Hey something is clearly going on hello
is anyone there
that's always nice to know you have
someone nearby the quiet out here can
get real loud
you
can you describe its fall no start from
the beginning what do you think I do
when you're away you think I'm out in
the garden pining looking at the sky why
are you I gotta leave a day early
your husband's here let me see him he's
extremely ill you have to tell me where
he was what he was doing
it was his decision to go in
it's something they termed the shimmer
they've sent in drones in teams of
people but nothing comes back but
something has you're a biologist who
served in the military if I knew what
happened I did save his life the
boundary is getting bigger it's
expanding we're talking cities dates you
need to know what's inside it's
beautiful
check this out it's like they're stuck
in a continuous rotation are they
understand they're no sharks have teeth
like that it's not possible you can't
cross great difference babies yes the
soldiers on the last expedition it's
like crazy or something here kill them
something's come to the face you're the
fence we have to go back I can't go back
we can camp here tonight
it's destroying everything it's not
destroyed
it's making something new
hey can I go to a movie with Riley
tonight please run your grandparents are
coming to dinner tonight remember
awesome grandpa telling is disgusting
Vietnam stories take my advice don't
ever have kids
everything just revolves around you
doesn't you know today
multiple reports are now coming in of
course murdering their own children
the rightful it in you take your right
foot out to do the husband called the
Enya
yes it's mommy mommy's here you chew
alright we're not coming out okay you
have to leave
I forgot your parents that was tonight
Allah Allah we've just
you leave tomorrow at dawn then you come
right back
no sites in your site racks Lord make me
a channel of thy peace where there are
shadows I may bring light
this is why we don't go on wild goose
chase supply runs so people don't die
for no wasn't for nothing just relax
my job is to keep people safe and I
decided that's done
to understand this brain is still
working
they're learning
it is by dying
that one awakens to eternal